Add AGENTS.md and per-TFM MSBuild loader skills (#381)
microsoft/MSBuildLocator: AGENTS.md

> # Microsoft.Build.Locator — Copilot instructions

Reviewer: Is an agent smart enough to know what if we change logic described in skills agent should change skill as well?

Author: added "When changing behavior documented by either skill, update the skill in the same change."

Library: `net46` + `net8.0`. Tests: `net472` + `net8.0`. Non-trivial code forks per TFM via `#if NETCOREAPP`, `#if NET46`, and `FEATURE_VISUALSTUDIOSETUP` (defined only for `net46`). Always check whether a change must be mirrored or excluded across these conditionals; for what each fork actually does, load the `msbuild-loader-netcore` or `msbuild-loader-netframework` skill.

## Architecture (namespace `Microsoft.Build.Locator`)
- `MSBuildLocator.cs` — entry point: `RegisterDefaults`, `RegisterInstance`, `RegisterMSBuildPath`, `QueryVisualStudioInstances`, `CanRegister`, handler registration. Both TFM forks live here. `Unregister()` is kept only for back-compat and is a no-op (the resolver is never removed).
- `DotNetSdkLocationHelper.cs`, `NativeMethods.cs` — `.NET SDK` discovery (hostfxr); see the `msbuild-loader-netcore` skill.
- `VisualStudioLocationHelper.cs` — Visual Studio Setup (COM) discovery; see the `msbuild-loader-netframework` skill.
- `VisualStudioInstance.cs`, `VisualStudioInstanceQueryOptions.cs`, `DiscoveryType.cs` — result/option types.
- `Utils/SemanticVersion*.cs`, `VersionComparer.cs` — internal SemVer parse/compare to order instances.

> - Props/targets shipped from `src/MSBuildLocator/build/` (packed to `build/` + `buildTransitive/`). `EnsureMSBuildAssembliesNotCopied` emits error **MSBL001** when a consumer references `Microsoft.Build*` packages without `PrivateAssets="all"` / `ExcludeAssets="runtime"` (copying those assemblies locally breaks redirection). Keep the target's package list in sync with MSBuild's layout.

Reviewer: This point seems a little confusing if a human will read this. (at least for me)
I suggest to write it in simple words and into two different bullet points:

1) The core rule of MSBuildLocator: never ship MSBuild's DLLs with the app.
 The app should ship without  Microsoft.Build.dll . At runtime, Locator's registered handler redirects those loads to the real MSBuild  install (VS or SDK).

 • Why a local copy breaks it. The resolve handler only fires on a miss — when the loader can't find an assembly. If a copy of     Microsoft.Build.dll  sits in the  bin /output folder, the loader finds that one and the handler never runs.
 • MSBL001 safeguard. The Locator NuGet package ships an MSBuild  .targets  file that runs inside the consuming build. The     EnsureMSBuildAssembliesNotCopied  target scans the resolved packages for any MSBuild package about to be copied locally. If it    finds one, the build fails with error MSBL001, which names the offending package and asks for two attributes.
 • The fix — two attributes, on the flagged  <PackageReference>  in the consuming project's  .csproj . Add  ExcludeAssets="runtime"     (stops the DLL from being copied to output) and  PrivateAssets="all"  (keeps the dependency from flowing to downstream consumers):
   <PackageReference Include="Microsoft.Build" Version="…"
                     ExcludeAssets="runtime" PrivateAssets="all" />

 2) Keep the target's package list in sync.
 The target checks a hardcoded list of package IDs ( Microsoft.Build ,  .Framework ,  .Utilities.Core ,  .Tasks.Core , …) — see   Microsoft.Build.Locator.targets#L3-L14 . If MSBuild ever ships a new redistributable assembly that also shouldn't be copied, it must  be added here or the guard won't catch it.

Author: @copilot make this fix

- Versioning: Nerdbank.GitVersioning. Use SemVer 2 and update `version.json` on breaking changes or feature additions.

## Multi-targeting (central constraint)
Library: `net46` + `net8.0`. Tests: `net472` + `net8.0`. Non-trivial code forks per TFM via `#if NETCOREAPP`, `#if NET46`, and `FEATURE_VISUALSTUDIOSETUP` (defined only for `net46`). Always check whether a change must be mirrored or excluded across these conditionals; for what each fork actually does, load the `msbuild-loader-netcore` or `msbuild-loader-netframework` skill.

When changing behavior documented by either skill, update the skill in the same change.

## Architecture (namespace `Microsoft.Build.Locator`)
- `MSBuildLocator.cs` — entry point and handler registration. Both TFM forks live here. `Unregister()` is retained for compatibility but is a no-op.
- `DotNetSdkLocationHelper.cs`, `NativeMethods.cs` — .NET SDK discovery (hostfxr); see `msbuild-loader-netcore`.
- `VisualStudioLocationHelper.cs` — `net46`-only Visual Studio Setup discovery; see `msbuild-loader-netframework`.
- `VisualStudioInstance.cs`, `VisualStudioInstanceQueryOptions.cs`, `DiscoveryType.cs` — result/option types.

> - `Utils/SemanticVersion*.cs`, `VersionComparer.cs` — internal SemVer parse/compare to order instances.

Author: ```suggestion
- `Utils/SemanticVersion*.cs`, `VersionComparer.cs` — internal SemVer parse/compare that is an implementation detail of .NET SDK discovery.
```

- Props/targets ship from `src/MSBuildLocator/build/` to `build/` and `buildTransitive/`. Never ship MSBuild DLLs with an app: local copies load before Locator's handler. `EnsureMSBuildAssembliesNotCopied` reports **MSBL001**; fix the flagged `<PackageReference>` with `ExcludeAssets="runtime"` and `PrivateAssets="all"`.
- Keep `EnsureMSBuildAssembliesNotCopied`'s hardcoded package list synchronized with MSBuild's redistributable assemblies so it catches new packages.

## Conventions
- Contract-stable public API: csproj `EnablePackageValidation` + `PackageValidationBaselineVersion` (1.6.1). Intentional API changes require updating `src/MSBuildLocator/CompatibilitySuppressions.xml` and an appropriate semver update.
- XML doc comments on public members; match existing style.
- Strong-name signed (`key.snk`) — don't remove signing.
- Build settings centralized in `Directory.Build.props` / `Directory.Solution.props` / `Directory.Build.rsp` — edit there, not per-project.

> - Register-before-load contract: callers must register via Locator BEFORE any `Microsoft.Build.*` type loads (`CanRegister` → false once loaded). Preserve this + the lazy-loading patterns protecting it when refactoring.

Author: ```suggestion
 - Register-before-load contract: callers must register via Locator BEFORE any core MSBuild assembly loads (`CanRegister` → false once loaded). Preserve this + the lazy-loading patterns protecting it when refactoring.```

>  - Register-before-load contract: callers must register via Locator BEFORE any core MSBuild assembly loads (`CanRegister` → false once loaded). Preserve this + the lazy-loading patterns protecting it when refactoring.```

Reviewer: nit: stray ```
